Introduction:
- Students who have graduated from secondary school are experiencing an environment
that is completely different from the secondary educational system. In addition to that,
freshmen and introverted students tend to miss out on many of the opportunities and
information provided by the college or university. Our main goal is to aim for a
convenient and valuable school life for all college students.
  
Opportunity
- Target audiences: All post-secondary Students (only)
- Most post-secondary students have experienced lack of information, including
- Needs: building a social bond with colleagues, opportunities for their future career
advancement, supportive community,

Problem statement
- Instead of a school-offered platform such as blackboard, there is no such a thing to
support students’ needs and wants.
Key Features and Functionalities:
1. Anonymous community: required where users can freely write and share their
opinions. This facilitates communication and information sharing among the school
community.
- Anonymity: Anonymity must be ensured so that students can share their opinions
freely. This creates an environment where users can have honest and open
conversations.
2. Timetable and lecture reviews: Students need the ability to check their timetable and
lecture reviews so they would consider those reviews for creating their timetables(similar
to rate your prof)
3. Club recruitment: provide an introduction to each department and club. This would help
students choose the department or club that suits them.
4. Cafeteria: link with boost.
5. Internship information (job posting)
6. School schedule: provide information about the various events and schedules
happening at their institution.
7. School notifications: Requires the ability to receive important notifications from the
school. This allows them to quickly receive updates on information about your school.
8. Department communication: It is necessary to have a function that allows users to
form a community for each department and communicate from it. Makes students to
interact and share information with people with common interests or the same major..
9. Reporting functionality: need the ability to report inappropriate posts and comments.
This allows app users to protect the culture and safety of their school community.
10. Theme
Vision/Product Position Statement
- No other competition
- Only for the anonymous community part, it is similar to the web page called “Reddit”.
  
